--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please see the User Manual for a full list of features!!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://itsnotmine.net/Docs/Its-NOT-Mine-User-Manual.pdf


Welcome to the It’s NOT Mine! Cum System!
The most advanced personal cum accessory in Second Life®

Every other item relating to personal cum accessories is either an applier, a clothing or tattoo layer, or a multitude of attachments that you are supposed to add when the need arises.

The It’s NOT Mine! Complete Body Cum System is combination of the Premium Body Cum System and Premium Arms & Legs add-on in a single, rigged/fitted mesh attachment with 108 levels of cum, including 5 cum drips.  Because it is rigged/fitted mesh, it is able to cover your face, chest, crotch, arms, legs, and butt using only one attachment point.  It is also designed, and intended, to be worn all the time.

That may not seem all that special, but this is where the fun begins!  

You, the wearer, do not get to control where the cum goes on your body or how much of it is visible!

Let me explain. =)

Normally, the It’s NOT Mine! Cum system is completely transparent.  No one can see it and there is no cum visible, but it can see everyone that gets close to you.
Now, let’s say someone with a compatible brand of cock is very close to you (within 2 meters), and they cause their cock to ejaculate/orgasm.  That person, who just ejaculated, will be presented with a menu from your It’s NOT Mine! Cum System asking them where their cum should go….on YOU!

Once they make a selection, the system will make some cum visible on the specified area of your body (making the mess bigger each time).  If you have RLV enabled in your viewer, the system will also become locked and you will not be able to remove it or hide the visible cum!

Wait….What?!?!  I can’t take it off or hide it?

That’s right!  You have to take a shower or find some SL® water to bathe in to hide the cum layers, and if RLV is used, get the system off!  =)


What’s Included:

It’s NOT Mine! Cum System attachment
It's NOT Mine! Optional User HUD

Shower base and glass screen (Left)
Shower base and glass screen (Right)
Copper Shower with Single/Couples Showers + Sex anims
Simple Shower with Single/Couples Showers + Sex anims
INM Original Design Shower with Single/Couples Showers + Sex anims

MonsterWorks Genital Plugin
PsiCorp v6.x  Genital Plugin
Realistics  Genital Plugin
Coochi  Genital Plugin
VSX  Genital Plugin
Sensations  Genital Plugin
Project Arousal Plugin Applier

Cum Menu Gesture
Cum Lick Gesture
Cum Swallow Gesture

