Congratulations for choosing the No59 Cocktails set

1:)If you click on it , you get a glas in the hand via Experience or temp attach.
    If you click "GIVE TO" on the cardboard at one of the cocktails you can choose who should get a cocktail.
    In the Folder you will find the "HUD select the type of give". 
    With this HUD you can choose how you want 
    your drink to be served, via Experience or with Temp Attach.

2:)In the set there is also a Glas for permanent wear on avatar for the Owner,
    the cocktails endet with "PermaWear"
    are not rigged to the avatar, so you can move it in your hand in the edit 
    mode. "No mod" is displayed because of the scripts it contains, but you can 
    also change the size as it is modifiable.
    
----------------
! IMPORTANT !
----------------
    The default setting is "Experience",
    it could be that you have to add my experience to the land first if you don't get any drink
    if it is not possible to add experience to your land, wear the "HUD select the type of give" and choose "Temp attach".
    
3:) How to Add Experiences to your Land:
    Click the Land icon on the Upper right.
    Click "About Land".
    Choose "EXPERIENCES" and then "Add".
    Enter "caroline planer" in the entry field and click "Go".
    Choose "Experience caroline Planer" and then "OK"
    and the experience is installed.
    To make it a little easier, please see the photo: 􀀀

4:)Known problems:
    1:) Animation issue:
    Unfortunately there are AO's that contain animations with the highest priority, 
    in this case the glas and drinking animation will unfortunately be overwritten and 
    not played. if two animations with the same priority are active, the one that 
    was activated last will be played. To check this, you can switch off your 
    AO or Pose and check whether you are holding the glas correctly.
    
5:)UPDATES:
    [20240902] Add Cocktails 5 permanent wear for Owner
    [20240903] Cocktail umbrellas had no surfaces on the bottom

...so long, Happy Party :)

Kind regards Caroline Planer.
PS.:
I invite you to follow me on Flickr and Facebook 
Flickr:
https://www.flickr.com/photos/164868967@N06/
My Flickr Group
https://www.flickr.com/groups/3966056@N20/

Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/No59SL
