NOA BENTO AO

New Bento Ao by Vista Animations mocaped at our studio Mocapbcn.com
Versatile, calm mood, available in male and female versions (sold separately).
Bento animations (fingers) and also include facial Mood and with breath effect
Ensambled on the Vista HUD 5.x with AO, Dances, Couple system as well as force arms, gestures.

Animations included:
Walks:: 4
Sits:: 5
Sits Grounds:: 5
Typings:: 1
Jumps:: 2
Hovers:: 1
Pre Jumps:: 1
Runs:: 1
Lands:: 1
Crouchs:: 1
Crouch Walks:: 1
Dances:: 5
Couples Animations:: 10

Included in the folder:
Regular and Curvy AO version
Cigarette, cigarette mouth (smoke from mouth), Lighter, Cigarette hand, Cigarette HUD


Video preview:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2c69E2WZCA



 INFORMATION ABOUT THE HUD 5.X 
 http://www.vistanimations.com/NEWHUDAO5/
 
 HOW TO EDIT VISTA AO
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14Uivw7M0Ss
 
 
 
 
 
:::::::::::::::::FAQ::::::::::::::::::::::
 
This Ao will only work on Bento viewer. To see finger movements, you need bento compatible hands.
My fingers do not move: If you have bento hands and the fingers doesn't move, check if you are wearing a HUD with static hands pose animation on it. (ex Maître hud)
My Ao only show a few stands: Check if you have proximity ON, or you have selected the model Calm or MODE2. Also check if you have the cycling ON.
What is proximity?: Is a radar that will detect near people and will deactivate the "walking stands" avoiding collisions with other avatars.
 
The stands take a while to load: These are bento animations, that take a little longer to load, also they need to reload more often in the cache. So, use next arrow to pass through all the stands making them load in cache.
I am sitting under the ground!: The Ao include 3 levels of sitting that activate automatically. But really short avatars or extremely tall could not match a correct position on the sit grounds.
Could I Add animations to my Ao?: Yes! It is mod, but take care, the memory is really limited. Try to add a few animations and test, and so on.
Could I combine with other Bento AO’s?: Yes, but remember the memory limits, also Miriam has 60 seconds stands, this is 30. We made them 30 because they load faster.

