NanoGunk AV Shape Proportions Instructions Female V 2.1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Starting using your current shape height:

1) Check and remove any system 'shoes' you are wearing !  􀀁  􀀀 
    (if you do not remove system 'shoes' the height in shape Edit Appearance will be wrong ! )
    If you have a mesh body, set Flat feet, No Hair :)

2) Add the HUD and click the top slider where it says DETACHED
    A [RIG] will rezz in front of you and ask you if OK to attach. After you click Yes, the rig will attach to your avatar.
     If the bottom of the RIG is in the ground, use HOVER to bring it up. Hover does not affect the measurements.
     
     ⚠ NOTE: if you are on land where you cannot rez objects, you will have to attach the rig from the inventory folder.
     
3) Now Edit Appearance - Look at the Height in upper Right 

4) Use the HUD head height + - buttons to make the Hud calculated  SHAPE HEIGHT as close to 
    the Height in Edit Appearance window as it will go. This number is not critical, just close.

5) Now the Caliper jaws will be adjusted to the correct head height for your Shape Height.
     In Edit Appearance - increase / decrease you Head Size so your head just fits between the Caliper jaws. (top of head, under chin)
     As needed move the RIG Attachment up or down using only the HUD buttons,  until your head is between the caliper jaws.
     
6) Edit the rest of your shape, taking care to keep the edit appearance Height approximately the same.
     Example: if you make the Torso longer, then shorten the legs, if you want a longer neck, then reduce torso or legs and so on.
     Read more notes a) b) c) below.
     
✱  Using a new shape height:  
     4) Use the HUD head height + - buttons to make the Hud calculated  SHAPE HEIGHT what you want the NEW shape height to be.
     step 5) and 6) above is the same procedure.

Notes:
There are no 'exact' or 'perfect' numbers to use.  Adjust to what is a pleasing shape to you.  
Please read the more notes below.

==========================
BACKGROUND INFO
Human shapes vary a great deal, but they do tend to stay within certain PROPORTIONS and this 8 head tall Rig is useful as a guide to achieving SL human proportional shapes.
 
In Second Life many factors influence in how residents adjust shapes - some factors are: 
Camera angles - looking down makes heads appear larger - legs shorter,
The size of your friends!
Having no clue what human proportions are etc.

This rig can give you confidence that your shape is human proportioned, eliminating tiny heads, short arms, unrealistic long legs and so on.
Proportions are vertical, you can can be skinny, curvy or fat - proportions don't change.
The rig does not dictate what height you should be, it's just a proportional reference, so tweak away. 


MORE NOTES:

a)  No less than eight sliders affect an avatar's height.
    ★ Body Height - Head Size - Egg Head - Chin depth - Neck Length - Torso Length - Hip Length - Leg Length
    To scale your avatar larger or smaller you cannot simply use the body height slider. 
    The height slider does not 'scale' the avatar how you would expect. 
    You need to adjust your proportions after each height slider adjustment.
     
b) Almost all the sliders affect other sliders so your shape editing is a process of going around and around
     moving some sliders again & again.  

c) The idea that '50' on a slider is 'average' is NOT true,  50 is simply the 'middle' of the range for that slider.

-------

A) Arm Length slider set to  98 is about the proportional wrist mark for female shapes for height of ~ 6 foot (1.82m) and more than 100 if     taller ! so its impossible for very tall shapes. (you can try increase shoulder width).
    This is the classic female shape issue of short arms, it seems wrong to set the slider to 98-100 but you need to be able to wipe! ㋡ 
    Use POSE 3 to see your arm length.
    For most people, their total arm span, finger tip to finger tip, is about equal to their height.

B) Small changes to head height results in 8 X times the change to proportional avatar height !
    So the Chin Depth (and Egg Head) slider affects the head height directly - and therefore also the caliper measured head height.

* doing  Avatar > Avatar Health > Undeform Avatar seems to clear any AO effects - 
I always do this before adding the Rig.



Robin Lobo - March, 2024

ps. Yes, I am aware that the real average human proportions is closer to 7.5 heads. 
However 8 heads seems to be how we 'see' each other and so 8 heads is what artists and sculptors use. 
So sculpt your SL avatar shape today ! 
best wishes RL.
