Thank you for purchasing the VAW XTC Vagina {Rigged}

═══════════
Quick Start
═══════════

NOTE: After wearing the vagina if you do not see it on your avatar, click the power button on the hud to make it green, alternatively, you can rotate your camera around your avatar (ALT + Left-Click), mouse over your pelvis area until you see a hand icon,  then click on your pelvis area to access the vagina menu then click 'Show'.

There are 17 versions included. Choose the one for your body, it will fit perfectly without any editing. If you experience any issues with fitting, try to disable the tattoo, underwear or clothes alpha layers that might be overlapping your vagina.

Right-click on VAW XTC Vagina and select 'Wear' or 'Add', do the same for 'VAW XTC Vagina HUD after you wear the HUD set the color that better suits your skin. First see if your skin is included in the applier HUD, if it is, simply select it from the menu and it will apply directly to your outer labia.

If your skin is not included in the applier HUD, you can choose a similar yet slightly lighter tone and tint it using the included color picker HUD. 

You can also try to match using the main pink HUD which also has 85 skin tones to choose from. Check out this picture to see how 􀀁



If you use Maitreya BoM version and see a red triangle, you are wearing an alpha layer(s) watch this video: https://vimeo.com/581045454

If you use Legacy BoM version first activate BOM on the Legacy HUD or on the new VAW shine/ bump HUD:

If you use Kupra BoM version make sure you also wear the included alpha layer.

If you use Belleza BoM version activate BoM on your Freya body using the new VAW shine/ bump HUD.

If you use any of the BoM versions and see red on your body take off alpha (You may need to repeat these steps in the picture) https://i.imgur.com/uGTpwsl.png

You can choose to use the BoM version, full rigged version or the lips only version, the choice is yours. If you wish to control the pubic hair shape or even shave it, hold left-click on the HUD's green light indicator button until the menu opens to access the menu that controls pubic hair. The same menu controls the piercing and more.

􀀂

The VAW Vagina can be used while hidden completely as well. (If you prefer to only show your skin's vagina)

You can set who can access your VAW Vagina's features when touched, and how you react via the settings button. Animations, sounds and chat can all be switched on/off when someone touches your VAW Vagina. (you can leave these to default for now) You can also switch bumpiness and shininess here as well.  􀀀

􀀃 

If someone else touches your VAW Vagina they get a menu for actions. The Animesh VAW cock users can cum directly on the BoM VAW vagina as well as all the female body parts.

══════════════════════
New Shine/ Bump HUD
══════════════════════
In order to see shine/ bump on your body & VAW vagina, you need to set your graphics settings to above high (CTR+P > Graphics > General)
Wear the VAW Shine/ Bump HUD > choose your body on the HUD > click the percentage of shine/ bump you want. 
For the Freya and Legacy bodies this will also apply BoM on your body automatically. 
If you wish to switch BoM off, simply apply your skin using an applier or your skins on your mesh body HUD.

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
How to Save/ Load Your Settings (Only BoM versions v2.40 and above)
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
➊ Wear the HUD and the vagina that has your settings.
➋ On the HUD click the triple dot button and select 'Save Settings' from the menu.
➌ Take off the vagina and wear the new version. 
➍ Click the triple dot button on the HUD again and select 'Load Settings'.

Thats it, the new version VAW vagina will now load all your visual settings.

Note: 
This feature works if you are using v2.40 or a higher version. 
You can also use this feature to copy your settings from one BoM VAW vagina to another or on a new BoM VAW vagina if you simply got a redelivery. 
If you are wearing any other VAW part, this feature will work on all of them as well.

════════════════════════════════════════════
More features and how to access them (via HUD)
════════════════════════════════════════════
• Shaven/ Unshaven pubic hair or set a square, strip or Full for your pubes. (Hold left - click on the green/red button for 3 seconds > Click 'Pubic Hair')
• Set color for your pubic hair. (Click small up arrow button and click 'Pubes' button)
• Switch sound on/ off (Click 'List' icon next to red/green button on HUD then click 'Sound')
• Drip feature on/ off. (Hold left-click for 3 seconds on the 'CUM' button then click 'Drip')
• Cream pie feature on/ off. (Hold left-click for 3 seconds on the 'CUM' button then click 'Drip')
• Squirt (Hold left-click for 3 seconds on the 'CUM' button then click 'Squirt')
• Bleed Feature on/ off. (Hold left-click for 3 seconds on the 'CUM' button then click 'Drip')
• Role play chat triggers with all partner actions and can be altered to whatever you want (Right-click the vagina > select 'Edit' > Click the 'Content' tab > double click the * XTC Vagina Chat * note card > make adjustments and save)
• If partner selects an action you now have the option to switch partner animations on or off. (Click list icon > Click 'Animation')
• Switch cum animation on or off (Hold left - click on the 'Cum' button for 3 seconds > Click 'Cum Anim')
• Switch pee animation on or off (Hold left - click on the 'Pee' button for 3 seconds > Click 'Anim OFF'/ 'Anim ON')
• Auto close - close Vagina after cum or maintain the same state (Hold left - click on 'Cum' button for 3 seconds > click 'Auto close')
• Auto open - vagina opens while masturbating or with partner actions or remain in the same state (Hold left - click on 'Play' button for 3 seconds > click 'Auto open')
• Auto cum - cum automatically when the 3rd state is reached while masturbating or with partner actions. (Hold left - click on 'Cum' button for 3 seconds > click 'Auto Cum')
• Clit ring - to hide, show or changing color - hold left - click on the red/ green button for 3 seconds then click 'Clit Ring'.
• Integration of other parts with the VAW Vagina HUD (simply wear the VAW Vagina HUD and wear the new part you purchased - the vagina HUD will detect it automatically and integrate it)


═══════════════════════════════════
USING OTHER PARTS WITH VAGINA HUD
═══════════════════════════════════
Make sure you are wearing the VAW XTC Vagina HUD and then wear the body part you purchased. The VAW Vagina HUD will detect the body part and integrate it automatically. No additional setup is required on your part simply start accessing your other parts by clicking on the icon related to it.

In case the other body part was not detected by the HUD (button color will go brighter) after you wear the body part, you can either click on the body part and select anything from the menu or click on the HUD button with the body part icon on it and click on 'Menu'.

═══════════════════
MORE ON HUD USAGE
═══════════════════
The HUD can be worn at any HUD attach point with ease. It will always show at the lower right side of your screen no matter which point you attach it too. It will also save changes you make to its position for all HUD attach points.

The up and down arrows control the state your vagina is in. Click the up arrow to move it to a higher state or the down arrow to move it to a lower state. The state number is shown on the HUD in roman numbers. (I = 1, II = 2, III = 3)

For more features click the side arrow to maximize the HUD. The features that will appear are the Show/Hide, Access list, and the down arrow. Click the green round light to hide your vagina and make the light turn red, click the red round light to show your vagina and turn the light back to green.
The access list icon has to do with who is allowed to touch your vagina. You can add someone to the access list by clicking the icon and then click 'Add' (the person you wish to add has to be present) or simply if the person touches your vagina you will get the option to allow them a onetime access, reject or add them permanently to your access list. 

The down arrow will drop down the animation buttons. Pee has 2 states, one if your vagina is shown and one if your vagina is not shown. We have added a hilarious feature if you click 'PEE' and your vagina is not shown :)

You can start masturbating by clicking 'Play'.  If you use 'Play' long enough with 'Auto Open' and 'Auto Cum' switched on, this will cause your vagina to go up to the 3rd state and eventually cum.

The 'CUM' button will trigger a ‘cum’ sequence similar to real life. That involves facial animations, body animations and particles. 

══════════════
MENU USAGE
══════════════
Only the important features can be accessed via the VAW XTC Vagina's menu. To use the menu simply click your vagina at anytime. We recommend use of the HUD since it enables easy usage and tracking of the current state your vagina is in. As well as easily changing a state while you are in action. The menu was provided as a means to allow you to manipulate your vagina if you do not have a free spot for your HUD, however, you will need the HUD to set the appropriate color for your vagina and to access a lot of the awesome features.

NEW in the VAW Vagina menu:

Sounds: Use built-in sounds for cum and aroused (when partner uses your vagina) or add your own sounds. You can switch the sounds on/off. (For more info on how to add your own sounds read the "Add Your Own Sounds" section below)

Auto Open: opens the vagina automatically when you masturbate and/or your partner does things to your vagina. You can switch this feature on/off. To switch it on, click the XTC Vagina then click 'Auto Open'. Do this again to switch it off.

Auto Cum: Makes you cum at the 3rd state. This can be triggered if you masturbate and/or your partner gets you to the 3rd state. You can switch this feature on/off. Works smoothly with ‘auto open’ feature. To switch it on, click the XTC Vagina then click 'Auto Cum'. Do this again to switch it off.

═════════════════
PARTNER FEATURES
═════════════════
VAW Vagina for partner:

» The vagina has the option to open automatically if you masturbate or partner uses your vagina. 
» Also has auto cum option. If 3rd state is reached while masturbating and/or partner is using your vagina this will make you cum.

» 5 aroused sounds - which you can customize - trigger randomly when a person selects an action in your VAW XTC Vagina.

When you allow a person to use your vagina (added to access list) that person gets a list of options they can do when he/she touches your vagina. You can now switch between allowing only people on your access list or anyone to access the list of features. This list includes:

• Pull Out (Animation & Text) 
• Touch (Sound & Text)
• Look at (Sound & Text)
• Lick (Sound, Animation, Facial Animation & Text)
• Finger (Sound, Animation, Facial Animation & Text)
• Play (Sound, Animation, Facial Animation & Text)
• Stop (Stop the animations if used)

NOTE: To give you full control over your experience, sounds, animations & text can be customized or switched on/off

══════════════════════════
ADDING YOUR OWN SOUNDS
══════════════════════════
The VAW Vagina enables you to use your own cum sound + 5 aroused sounds or simply use the built-in sounds. To add your own sounds is simple.

• Right click the VAW Vagina and select 'Edit' from the menu. 
• Go into the 'Content' tab.
• Drag & drop your sounds into the 'Content' tab of the VAW Vagina
• Now you can add the names of your sounds in the note card called "XTC Vagina Sounds" found also in the 'Content' tab of your vagina. 
• After you added the names of your sound files in the note card click 'Save'.

The XTC Vagina will now load your sounds and use the loaded sounds the next time your partner touches your vagina or when you cum. The aroused sounds will play randomly. 
To make sure you loaded the sounds correctly you can monitor the loading process in chat after you hit 'Save' on the note card. In case a certain sound was not loaded correctly the XTC Vagina V2 will play a "failed" sound to notify you as well as inform you in chat.

Note: The names are case sensitive. Best way to add the names of the sounds in the note card is to copy/paste them in there.


═══════════════════
ADD YOUR OWN CHAT
═══════════════════
For users that like to role play or simply like to add more intimacy to your encounters, chat/text has been added to trigger with partner actions. This feature has an on/ off option and the text can be altered to whatever you prefer. 
To alter the text, you need to open the * XTC Vagina Chat * notecard found in the VAW XTC Vagina's content folder and change it to what you prefer for each partner action. 

Steps:
» Right click the vagina.
» Select 'Edit'.
» Click 'Content' tab
» Double click * XTC Vagina Chat * note card.
» Make changes to the text.
» Click 'Save'.

NOTE: The word OWNER must remain in upper case and will show as your avatar name in chat. The word PARTNER must remain in upper case and will show as the name of the avatar that does an action.

════════════════════════════
Auto Hide & Hide/ Show Scripts
════════════════════════════
If you wish to have the VAW vagina automatically hide when you wear clothes or show when you take off clothes, you can simply drag and drop the "Auto Hide" script in your clothes. (Clothes must have modify permissions)

If you wish to use your own attachments with the VAW vagina for example pubic hair or piercings by other creators, simply drag and drop the "Hide/ Show" script into the attachment. Next time you hide or show the VAW vagina your attachment(s) will hide/ show as well. (Must have modify permissions)


Skin Matching service
═════════════════════
We have taken sufficient steps not many in SL would take to insure that you can achieve a perfect match for your skin. Modify permissions on the vagina which enables you to use SL edit mode and make minor tinting adjustments (right - click > edit > 'Texture' tab) as well as provided you with more than 80 skin tones. You can also use the VAW Color picker to tint in case you do not find a perfect match.
Further, we are providing you with a skin matching service free of charge for your first request, in which you can request us to make a perfect skin match for you if you are simply unable do it yourself. To send in your request please send a custom request on our website, do not forget to provide us with your SL name, the exact name of your skin tone, skin maker and which body you use. We will get back to you soon enough with a match for your skin.

NOTE: Before sending a custom request please make sure that you attempt to match your skin with the 80+ skin tones, the color picker if needed or the applier HUD. If you fail to find a match feel free to send in your request here:

http://www.virtualartworks.biz/custom.html

══════════════════════X X══════════════════════

The VAW XTC Vagina is the result of years of hard work. All textures, mesh, scripts, animations, sounds, beta testing, QA have been done by VAW to make sure that the end product is of the highest uniqueness and exclusivity. When taking into account the large list of great features, customizability, ultra realistic looks and price, overall we believe the VAW XTC Vagina is simply unbeatable.

The VAW XTC Vagina is complete with all the features that we feel a user would need and more, however, if you do have an awesome idea that could further enhance your experience, please let us know about it. We are always open to suggestions. Updates will be provided to you free of charge if available.

We thank you for your appreciation of our products and hope to maintain your support in the future.

For feedback, suggestions or if you need any assistance contact us here: 

Email: support@virtualartworks.biz
Website: www.virtualartworks.biz
IM: Renegade Gray

© Virtual Artworks - VAW
