

    (CTS) Wardrobe
    ═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

    Copyright (C) 2010-2024 Carlyle Theas Solutions
    
    
    
    « "Wardrobe" is (CTS)'s must-have: a easy-to-use organizer for your outfits.
       The Wardrobe HUD gives you access to your personal Wardrobe website, to
       which you upload snapshots of your outfits, and from which you can wear them
       directly.
       No paying fees for texture uploads, no waiting for textures to rez! 
       It also comes with a real closet you can rez inworld and browse your outfits. »
       
       
    For the full illustrated manual, please visit
    
    https://www.carlyletheassolutions.com/wardrobe.php
    
    (or wear your Wardrobe HUD, click the "Menu" button (on the 1 o'clock position), and
    choose "Help" from the menu.)
    
          
    This notecard gives you some basic instructions how to get started.
       
       
       
    Getting Started
    ═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
    
    I. OPENING YOUR PERSONAL WARDROBE WEB PAGE

            The Wardrobe website is an essential part of the system.
            It allows you to see, browse, and search your outfits visually.


            1.  Wear your Wardrobe HUD.
                 Locate your "(CTS) Wardrobe v2.8.6" folder in your inventory.
                 Double click the object named "Wardrobe HUD v2.8.6" contained in that folder.
                 This will attach the HUD at the bottom of your SL viewer.
                 (If you want to attach it at a different location, that works fine as well: right
                 click the "Wardrobe HUD v2.8.6," choose "Attach to HUD," and then the location
                 at which you want to attach it.)
                 
           2.  Click the yellow closet in the center of the HUD.
                 The viewer will ask you whether you want to access the web page.
                 Click "Go to page."
                 This will take you to your personal Wardrobe web page.

        
    II. ADDING NEW OUTFITS TO YOUR WARDROBE
    
            There basically are four ways you can add a new item (typically, an outfit) to your
            Wardrobe directly from your SL viewer.
                     
                                            
            1. Saving and Uploading a Snapshot
            
                (i)   Wear the outfit which you want to add to your Wardrobe
                
                (ii)  Pose (in order to create a good looking result)
                       You can either click the (<) and (>) buttons on your Wardrobe HUD
                       which will put you in a posing mode and switch between poses when
                       you click the buttons again, or you can use a pose stand.
                       The Wardrobe comes with a pose stand, which you can rez by clicking
                       the "Posestand" button on the HUD's 9 o'clock position.
                       To stop posing, click the "Stop" button on the 6 o'clock position.
                       
                (iii) • Click the "Snapshot" button on the HUD (12 o'clock position).
                      • You have two options to add an item:
                       
                        If you bought the item on the Marketplace or if it sold there and you
                        can do a automatic Marketplace import. Simply paste the Marketplace URL
                        in local chat, and the item will be imported fully automatically
                        (the Wardrobe uses the Marketplace item's title and will figure out
                        tags based on the item's description and will adapt it to your tagging
                        system, if you already have items in your Wardrobe, and it will take
                        the main image as picture for your item).
                       
                        If you want more control over the process, enter the following information
                        in local chat instead (don't worry, the HUD will show you want to enter):
                            - The name of the outfit folder
                            - Tags separated by commas (e.g. gown, purple, low cut, elegant)
                            - Any remarks you want to add
                            - the URL of the Marketplace item if you want to import the image from
                              the Marketplace and don't want to shoot one yourself
                            
                         You can enter them directly in local chat or on channel 23 if you don't want
                         everyone to see what you're doing (just prepend "/23" to what you want to type)
                            
                (iv)  If you chose to do your own image, click the viewer's "Snapshot" button and
                      choose "Disk".
                       Click the "Save" button.

                (v)   Again, only if you created your own image, drag the image file with the snapshot
                       you just created onto your Wardrobe web page.
                       Drop it onto the area where it says "Drop your snapshots here".
                       Click the "Import" button.                              
                       
            TIP    You don't have to drag the snapshot to the web page immediately after you created one.
                    You can proceed and create multiple items by repeating the steps (i)-(iv) and then drag
                    the new snapshots all at once onto your web page. They will be imported in a single go—
                    a great way to save time and streamline your "Wardrobing" process!
                                                          
                (iv) If you want to see your newly submitted item, open your Wardrobe web page and click
                       the "Show All" button or the "Recent Items: Today" link.
                       If the website is already open, click the "Refresh" button.
                                   
                                   
            2. Use the Scanner
            
                (i)   Rez the box or bag of clothing you just bought and move close to the box.
                
                (ii)  Click the scanner button on the HUD's 5 o'clock position.
                
                (iii) In the menu, select the correct item.
                      Now, the Wardrobe searches for the item on the Marketplace and automatically
                      imports it.
                      (Title, tags, and image are gathered automatically from the Marketplace item's
                      title, description and main image.)
                
                (iv) If you want to see your newly submitted item, open your Wardrobe web page and click
                       the "Show All" button or the "Recent Items: Today" link.
                       If the website is already open, click the "Refresh" button.


            3. Sending a Snapshot
            
                (i)   Wear the outfit which you want to add to your Wardrobe
                
                (ii)  Pose (in order to create a good looking result)
                       You can either click the (<) and (>) buttons on your Wardrobe HUD
                       which will put you in a posing mode and switch between poses when
                       you click the buttons again, or you can use a pose stand.
                       The Wardrobe comes with a pose stand, which you can rez by clicking
                       the "Posestand" button on the HUD's 9 o'clock position.
                       To stop posing, click the "Stop" button on the 6 o'clock position.
                       
                (iii) • Click the viewer's "Snapshot" button and and choose "Send it by email".
                      • Fill out the message fields:
                          To: (the Wardrobe e-mail address you find in the separate notecard)
                          Subject: The name of the outfit folder
                          Message:
                             First line:  tags separated by commas (e.g. gown, purple, low cut, elegant)
                             Second line: any remarks you want to add.
                    • Click the "Send" button.
                              
                       The name of the outfit should be the name of the folder that contains the outfit.
                       If you follow this rule, you'll find your outfits more easily and it will allow you to use
                       the Wardrobe to dress directly from the web page if you want to use that feature.
                       Write some meaningful tags in the message that describe your outfit.
                       Meaningful tags will let you find your outfit more easily!
                       Remarks are optional and can be anything.
                       
            TIP    You'll find a notecard with the Wardrobe e-mail address in your "(CTS) Wardrobe v2.8.6"
                       folder. That makes it easier to copy & paste:
                       Select the notecard, hit the F2 key to select the text, then Ctrl+C (or Cmd+C on Mac) to copy.
            
                       If you're not sure how to send a snapshot, check out the more detailed and illustrated
                       description in the online manual:
                       https://carlyletheassolutions.com/wardrobe.php?id=snapshots
                                              
                (iv) If you want to see your newly submitted item, open your Wardrobe web page and click
                       the "Show All" button or the "Recent Items: Today" link.
                       If the website is already open, click the "Refresh" button.

            
            4. Importing a Texture
            
                Some outfits come with textures created by the designer showing the outfit.
                The Wardrobe lets you easily import such textures if you don't want to create
                a snapshot yourself.
                
                (i)   Locate the texture in your inventory
                
                (ii)  Drag and drop it on your Wardrobe HUD
                      NOTE: This works only if the texture has full permissions.
                      
                (iii) The HUD will ask you to enter
                       - the outfit name (i.e., the name of the folder containing the outfit)
                       - tags (which should be meaningful so you can find your outfit more easily later)
                       - remarks (which can be anything)
                       
                (iv) If you want to see your newly submitted item, open your Wardrobe web page and click
                       the "Show All" button or the "Recent Items: Today" link.
                       If the website is already open, click the "Refresh" button.          

            
    III. DRESSING FROM THE WARDROBE
    
            The Wardrobe allows you to dress directly from your personal Wardrobe web page—or you
            can allow others to dress you!
            If you don't need this feature or want to learn about it later, you can skip this section.
            
            If you want to use this feature, there are a few requirements that have to be met:
            
            • You need to use an RLV-capable viewer (e.g., Firestorm, Restrained Love, Catznip, Singularity,
              Black Dragon, Kokua, UKanDo) and turn RLV on.
              E.g., in Firestorm, you can turn RLV on by opening the preferences, going to the "Firestorm" tab
              and tick the "Allow Remove Scripted Viewer Controls (RLVa)" checkbox.
              NOTE that, unfortunately, the official Linden Lab viewers DO NOT SUPPORT RLV.
    
            • In your inventory, create a folder named #RLV directly under "Inventory" (in the top level).
            
            • Move your outfit folders into the #RLV folder.
              (You can create subfolders within the #RLV folder to structure and sort your outfits,
              but it is important that the outfits folders are located somewhere within the #RLV folder.
              By the way, if you do not want to move your outfit folders, you could also create links
              to your outfits within the #RLV folder.)
              
             If you want more information about RLV and the #RLV folder, check out this video tutorial:
             https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9vgrOeoESM
            

            Once you have prepared your viewer and your inventory, you should be able to use the Wardrobe
            to dress yourself.
            On your Wardrobe web page, choose an outfit you want to put on and click the item's Jacket icon
            in the upper right corner.
            
            
            Please have a look at the online manual
            https://carlyletheassolutions.com/wardrobe.php?id=wear
            for more detailed information and trouble shooting tips.
            

    IV. INWORLD CLOSET
    
            The Wardrobe comes with a mesh closet which you can rez inworld. It will allow you to show your
            Wardrobe to your friends, and it will also allow you to dress directly from your Wardrobe.
            (If you want to learn more about this feature, please read section III if you haven't done so yet.)
            Using the closet is similar to using the web page.
            You can configure the closet's appearance from the HUD (Menu > Setup > Closet Styles) or from
            your web page (Tools > Configure Closet). The web page also gives you the option to do a more
            advanced configuration whose Wardrobe is shown and who is allowed to dress you.
            The inworld closets are an optional feature.
            
            For more information on the closets, please consult:
            https://carlyletheassolutions.com/wardrobe.php?id=closets
            
                    
    V. GETTING HELP
    
            •  The parts of The Wardrobe are expained in detail in the online manual:
                https://carlyletheassolutions.com/wardrobe.php
                
            •  There is an inworld support group.
                You're welcome to ask questions there. Usually, other Wardrobe users are very friendly and willing
                to help. The easiest way to join is to rez the "Wardrobe Support Group Joiner" you can find in the
                "Help" subfolder. It will chat a link, which you can click to open the group information page.

            •  If you don't want to join the support group, there is a Discord group instead.
                Here's the invite link:
                https://discord.gg/Z8kUVzh
                
            •  If you have a question, you may also contact Carlyle Theas by e-mail (carlyle.theas@yahoo.com).
                We believe in customer satisfaction, hence we try to answer as quickly as possible, and we will
                definitely consider any suggestions you have to improve the product.
            