Debauchery Swingers Speedboat v1.3

ALL NEW engine!!!

Added support for Aeros Apollo in v1.3.

This is a fully functioning boat for up to 5 people, a driver and up to 4 passengers. 

The driver even gets to have a BJ or fuck while driving the boat.

Boat Operation

The boat is shipped LOCKED.  The owner can rezz the boat onto water and leave it locked so that it doesn't drift away. To operate the boat, left click on the boat to get the Speadboat Main Menu. This menu has buttons for toggling on and off TURBO mode, toggling on and off LOCKED mode, operating the HORN, toggling Cruise mode and starting/stopping the engine as well as adjusting the throttle up and down. Any time you want this menu, juct click on the boat.

When the boat is unlocked, physics works. When people get in, the boat will move.

Driving

With the boat unlocked, The owner can seit and witch to the DRIVER position. You can click the boat to get the menu and start the engine if it is not already running.

Use UP and DOWN arrow to adjust the throttle (or click on the menu). Use LEFT and RIGHT arrows to turn the boat left and right. 

Sim Crossings

Crossing sim borders is always a risky thing. Do it SLOWLY and as straight on as possible.we do not warranty lost boats. It is COPY, just rezz another one.

Sitting Cuddles and Sex

Girl 1 can give the Driver a BJ or ride his dick.

Girl 1 and Guy 1 have a full set of sits, masturbation, cuddles and sex poses for solo and couple 1.

Girl 2 and Guy 2 also have a full set of menus for sits masturbation, cuddles and sex poses for solo and couple 2.

Girl 1 and Girl 2 can  have lesbian cuddles and sex.

Girl 1, Girl 2 and Guy 1 can have FMF Threesome cuddles and sex.

Girl 1, Guy 1 and Guy 2 can have MFM Threesome cuddles and sex.

Poses are placed all over the boat, in many sexy spots, not just on the cushions.


All new poses! Amazing!!!

Bench:

- 42 LI All Mesh
- 398 poses - 761 animations, including all new bento animations and Bento Faces
- Aeros Cock and It's NOT Mine! Integration
- includes hetero, lesbian, MMF and FFM threesomes
- drivable boat scripts

This is our first sex boat ever! It features poses for 2 males and 2 females, plus a driver. They are divided up to give you a ton of poses in the following ways:

Solo Sitting and Masturbation poses
Hetero Couples: cuddles, foreplay, oral for her, oral for him, guy on top, girl on top, from behind
Lesbian Couple: cuddles, sex

Threesomes for both FMF and MFM: cuddles and sex
Foursome Sex

Swapping Positions

The furniture comes with easy to use menu called Swaps that allows you to easily swap any user to any other position on the sofa.

Texture Changer

You can change the textures in 2 ways:
1) at any time, just click on the wakeboard to get the texture changer menu.
2) while seated click on Texture on the main menu for the first 3 sitters.

You can change the color of the body and the trim separately. You can use white body and white trim, then change the color in the editor to customize it.

For assistance, contact Bandor Tyrell (bandor.beningborough)
