The Debauchery Swingers Hot Tub

Includes:

Debauchery Swingers Hot Tub for up to 4 people
Debauchery Square Gazebo

Now includes: It's NOT Mine! Body Cum System Integration

Gazebo

Our special gift to you is a mesh wooden gazebo/deck that is texture changing. Click it and pick the wood texture you want. You can use it to put your new hot tub on or for any other purpose you want.

The Hot Tub

This Hot Tub is the ultimate in fun for the swinging couple and their friends. It is designed for 1 to 4 people and many hot poses for a variety of swinging uses. This hot tub is made for swinging! This includes:

Singles (poses for 1 to 4 people - 2 male, 2 female)
- Sits 
- Masturbation 
Couples (MF) (for 2 independent couples)
- Cuddles 
- Foreplay 
- Oral 
- Missionary 
- Riding 
- Doggy 
Lesbian Couple (FF) 
Gay Couple (MM)
Threesomes (MMF) 
Threesomes (FFM) 

Two Independent Couples Menus

The hot tub comes with poses for 2 independent couples. That means you can play with your lover and invite another couple to join you for some hot swinging hot tub sex. They get their own separate menus with all the same poses, just located in a different place in the spa. That let's the two couples have nearby and watch each other, without one couple controlling the menus of the other. You also have convenient Swap F and Swap M buttons that let you switch partners easily at any time. It could not be any easier or hotter to swing!

Girl-Girl Action

In addition to the hottest MF poses in SL, the spa comes equipped with some special Girls only (FF) cuddles and sex poses. So, at any point when the action gets hot, either girl can pick the FF menus and start playing. What happens if you have two MF couples on and the girls want to play? The girls switch to FF and the guys automatically switch back to their singles poses. So that way they can sit in the hot tub and watch their ladies play together, or jerk off next to them to show their appreciation.

Guy-Guy Action

Also, the two men don't have to just sit and wank. The Hot Tub comes with a full set of man-on-man poses.

Threesomes

The spa also lets 3 of the people on the bed switch into a choice of either Female-Female-Male (FFM) or Male-Male-Female (MMF) threesomes. For FFM the people on Girl 1, Guy 1 and Girl 2 play together. The person on Guy 2, if there is one, goes into singles mode and can watch or masturbate. For MMF, the people on Girl 1, Guy 1 and Guy 2 play together and the person on Girl 2 sits and watches or masturbates.

Swapping Positions

The hot tub comes with easy to use buttons labeled Swap F, to have the girls trade places, or Swap M, to have the guys trade spots. These are provided in most menus where it makes sense. If you want total control over where you sit, just click BACK all the way to the position selector screen and pick where you want to sit.  This allows each person to select which "character" they are in the play at any time. This lets you swap partners easily at any time, switch gender roles for bi-sexual, homosexual and transgendered play

Attaching Props and Toys

The hot tub has some poses that automatically rezz and attach props. You do not need to take a copy in your inventory or rezz them yourselves. Instead, it uses AVsitter's Experience Permissions to rezz the toys and automatically attach them when needed. The only toys used are a dildo for the Girl. So, to use them, when you pick the associated pose you will be prompted to accept the AVsitter Experience Permissions. Just click YES and it will attach. It also automatically detaches when not used. If you accept the permissions, it only asks once EVER any any AVsitter equipped furniture item anywhere in SL.

Adjusting Avatar Positions

Anyone can select [Adjust] then [Pose] to make minor changes to their avatars position and rotation. Use the numbers to change the amount moved with each click, then click x+, x-, y+, y-, z+ and z- to move the avatar by the shown amount along that axis. Be careful. You can adjust POSITION or ROTATION by picking that from the menu. Click SAVE to save your PERSONAL position for that pose or SAVE ALL to save your personal positions for ALL poses.

Help

Contact Bandor Tyrell (bandor.beningborough) if you have any questions.