The RLV version of this furnure has RLV (Restrained Love Viewer) functions added.
It allows an avatar to capture other avatars and impose RLV restrictions upon them. 
To be controlled by RLV, avatars must be wearing an RLV relay based on the RLV API (e.g. OpenCollar), 
and turn on RLV in the SL viewer.

A new "Control" Button added to the main menu to access all the capture functions.

To enforce the roles, the role is asked to the avatar after sitting, and kept until it gets up.
the [SWAP] button is not available in this version of the furniture.
To change sitter position, you'll have to unsit and sit again.

------------------------------------
Note: Selecting an avatar for capture will force them to sit on the furniture and the menu will be ‘locked’, 
meaning that only the controlling avatar can access the menu. 
The timelock countdown is not automatically started.
------------------------------------
Note: If an avatar sits voluntarily and is captured then the menu will be ‘unlocked’, 
meaning that any non-captured avatar can take control of the menu. 
The timelock countdown is automatically started.
------------------------------------
Note: When an avatar is released, any RLV restrictions imposed by the furniture are removed.

The Control menu contains the following options:

    Capture! - capture the avatar.
    Release! - release the captive avatar.
    Take Keys/Drop Keys - allows the controlling avatar to “lock” or “unlock” the menu.
    Timelock - start/stop/change the countdown timer for automatic release.
    Restrict - toggle various RLV restrictions on the captive.
    [STOP] - releases and unsits all avatars.
    Browse #RLV - browse the avatar’s #RLV folder and wear/unwear folders they have set up.
    Fast Strip - remove every item of clothing and attachments from all attachment points (except skull).
    Undress - remove individual clothing layers.
    Detach - remove attachments from individual attachment points.
    Menu - goes to the regular pose menu of the captive avatar.

Important: Folders starting with a period ( . ) can not be browsed. 
Adding (nostrip) to an item’s name or folder will prevent it from being removed. 
Many guides such as OpenCollar’s smartstrip guide 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenCollar/opencollar/9b4a6d3fcd85ae5f621a254e41688f484e9ba22b/src/spares/readme_smartstrip
discuss #RLV folder setup.
